docs: scoped token's restricted access does not support standby (#1444)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/actors/running/actor_standby.md

    https://rag-web-browser.apify.actor/search?query=apify&token=my_apify_token
    ```

> :::tip
> You can use [scoped tokens](/platform/integrations/api#limited-permissions) to send standby requests. This is useful if you want to allow a 3rd party service to use your Actor while not exposing your whole account.
> 
> However, using a scoped token to [restrict what a Standby Actor can access](/platform/integrations/api#restricted-access-restrict-what-actors-can-access-using-the-scope-of-this-actor) is currently not supported.
> :::

Reviewer: I suggest dropping `currently` since this is a pretty ambiguous term, and readers have no way of knowing when does it refer to. Once/If the functionality will be changed we can just remove the whole sentence.

```suggestion
:::tip
You can use [scoped tokens](/platform/integrations/api#limited-permissions) to send standby requests. This is useful for allowing third-party services to interact with your Actor without granting access to your entire account.

However,  scoped tokens cannot be used to [restrict what a Standby Actor can access](/platform/integrations/api#restricted-access-restrict-what-actors-can-access-using-the-scope-of-this-actor).m 
:::
```
